doc: known_issues: Add known issue for ATv2 and debug overflowing flash (#10321)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

  For memfault, use Secure Partition Manager instead of TF-M by setting ``CONFIG_SPM`` to ``y`` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BUILD_WITH_TFM` to ``n``.

.. rst-class:: v2-3-0 v2-2-0 v2-1-3 v2-1-2 v2-1-1 v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

> CIA-890: The application can not be built with :file:`overlay-debug.conf` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DEBUG_OPTIMIZATIONS` set to ``y``.
>   Due to insufficient flash space for the application when it is not optimized.
> 
>   **Workaround 1:** To free up flash space when debugging locally, uncomment the following kconfig options in :file:`prj.conf`:
>   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT`
>   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_IMG_MANAGER`
>   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_IMG_MANAGER`
>   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_IMG_ERASE_PROGRESSIVELY`
>   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BUILD_S1_VARIANT`
> 
>   This will remove the partitions for the MCUboot bootloader, secondary bootloader and the secondary application image slot. Any functionality depending on those will not work with this configuration.
> 
>   **Workaround 2:** Alternatively, turn off logging for not relevant modules/libraries in :file:`overlay-debug.conf` until the image fits in flash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CIA-890: The application cannot be built with :file:`overlay-debug.conf` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DEBUG_OPTIMIZATIONS` set to ``y``
  Due to insufficient flash space for the application when it is not optimized, the :ref:`asset_tracker_v2` application cannot be built with :file:`overlay-debug.conf` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DEBUG_OPTIMIZATIONS` set to ``y``.

  **Workaround:** To free up flash space when debugging locally, uncomment the following kconfig options in the :file:`prj.conf` file:

  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT`
  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_IMG_MANAGER`
  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_IMG_MANAGER`
  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_IMG_ERASE_PROGRESSIVELY`
  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BUILD_S1_VARIANT`

  This removes the partitions for the MCUboot bootloader, the secondary bootloader, and the secondary application image slot.
  Any functionality depending on those will not work with this configuration.

  Alternatively, disable logging for non-relevant modules or libraries in the :file:`overlay-debug.conf` file until the image fits in flash.
```
